chore(doc): update head documentation about default behavior (#3480)
akka/akka-http: docs/src/main/paradox/routing-dsl/directives/method-directives/head.md

by the default @ref[RejectionHandler](../../rejections.md#the-rejectionhandler).

@@@ note

> By default, akka-http handles HEAD-requests does not transparently dispatch a GET-request to the handler and

Reviewer: Thanks for catching this! The sentence doesn't quite flow now, though... I guess we could fix it with something like:

```suggestion
By default, akka-http does not transparently handle HEAD-requests by dispatching a GET-request to the handler and
```

But it might be nicer to restructure even further.

Author: I was not really happy with my sentence, I'm gonna to change it and think of a better structure.

Thank you

> Akka-http can handles HEAD-requests transparently by dispatching a GET-request to the handler and
> stripping of the result body. See the `akka.http.server.transparent-head-requests` setting for how to enable

Reviewer: Much nicer! Small further suggestions:

```suggestion
Akka HTTP can handle HEAD requests transparently by dispatching a GET request to the handler and
stripping off the result body. See the `akka.http.server.transparent-head-requests` setting for how to enable
```
